Setup i18n for next.js, jest, and storybook (#24)
navapbc/template-application-nextjs: app/README.md

Compiling the USWDS sass is slow, so the initial build step and subsequent sass re-compiles are slow, but after the design system is set up, we shouldn't need to be regularly re-compiling sass.

Copying the USWDS static assets into the project is handled by a [yarn postinstall](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/package-json/#toc-scripts) script in `package.json`.

## Internationalization (i18n)

### Next.js i18n

We are using [next-i18next](https://github.com/i18next/next-i18next) for Next.js internationalization. It provides a Next.js wrapper around [i18next](https://www.i18next.com/) and [react-i18next](https://github.com/i18next/react-i18next). Configuration is located in `next-i18next.config.js`. To add a language:

1. Edit `next-i18next.config.js` and add the language to `locales`
2. Add a language folder: `mkdir -p public/locales/<lang>`

> 3. Add a language file: `touch public/locales/<lang>/common.json` and add the translated content

Reviewer: ah, I didn't realize we'd put i18n content in the `public/` directory. You can ignore my comment on your other PR about ignoring all of `public/` from Prettier then. 

I'm wondering how this impacts JS bundles and compression – do these files get minified when they're in the `public/` directory, which I think is set as our static directory?

Note that the json structure should be the same for each translation file. However, non-default languages can omit keys, in which case the translation content for the default language will be used.

### Jest i18n

> We are using [i18next](https://www.i18next.com/) and [react-i18next](https://github.com/i18next/react-i18next) for jest internationalization. Configuration is located in `jest-i18next.ts`. To add a language:

Reviewer: This tripped me up for a minute – I don't think it's necessary to reiterate the libraries since those are what's used for i18n in the app which is covered above.

```suggestion
Internationalization is setup for tests in `jest-i18next.ts`. To add a language:
```
